feat: add back our jobs page (#168)
shorebirdtech/website: src/pages/jobs.md

description: Shorebird openings
---

We're hiring

- [Systems Engineer](#systems-engineer)

> - [Go-to-market lead](#go-to-market-lead)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Go-to-market Lead](#go-to-market-lead)
```

---

# Work at Shorebird

Shorebird is building "the Flutter company". Eric founded and led Flutter while
at Google, and now together we are building a company to take Flutter beyond
where Google can. We're on a mission to help the world "stop writing everything
twice".

> We need smart, hard-working people, who want to work on start-up problems. We

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We need smart, hard-working people who want to work on start-up problems. We
```

> We need smart, hard-working people, who want to work on start-up problems. We
> have thousands of monthly active users, and more to do our current team can keep

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We need smart, hard-working people, who want to work on start-up problems. We
have thousands of monthly active users, and more to do than our current team can keep
```

up with. No two days will be the same. You need to be strongly autonomous and
self-directing.

> Our engineering work is _building_ Flutter, but don't really
> get to use it much. Shorebird engineers should have some familiarity with Dart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our engineering work is _building_ Flutter itself, not _with_ Flutter.
Shorebird engineers should have some familiarity with Dart
```

> and Flutter is helpful, but mostly we need people who want to talk to customers

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and Flutter, but mostly we need people who want to talk to customers
```

and then build things to solve their problems (whether by writing code, docs, or
whatever).

We hang out with our customers all day, every day, on Discord. Most of our

> stack is written in Dart, but we also have bits of JSX, Rust and C++ thrown in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stack is written in Dart, but we also have bits of Typescript, Rust, and C++ thrown in.
```

> stack is written in Dart, but we also have bits of JSX, Rust and C++ thrown in.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
stack is written in Dart, but we also have bits of TypeScript, Rust and C++ thrown in.
```

Most of our code is open source. We run a small cloud, serving 200+ requests per
second across several providers to millions of users around the globe.

We raised a seed round from great investors and have hundreds of paying

> customers, 10k+ monthly revenue and 2+ years of runway. We're happy to put you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
customers, $10k+ monthly revenue and 2+ years of runway. We're happy to put you
```

---

# Systems Engineer

We write the tools others will use to build Flutter apps, including the compiler
used to build them and runtime used to execute them. The ideal candidate is
comfortable in the "lower" levels of our stack, including C++ programming on
mobile.

As one of our first engineers, you will wear many hats and work across many
systems over time. You will work with a diverse and distributed team of
exceptional engineers to build the future of development for _any screen_.

## Responsibilities

You will be responsible for many of the "lowest levels” of the product, working
on the C++/C/Rust code that powers Dart VM and compiler, Flutter’s engine and
Shorebird’s updater. This will include working on performance at these layers
and working with the rest of the team to maintain our forks of millions of lines
of C++ code.

You will be responsible for many design decisions within the product, and will
be expected to be able to make tradeoffs between different approaches. You will
be expected to be able to work within a distributed team of engineers to build a
product that is easy to use, performant, secure and delightful to developers.

> That starts of course by building something we ourselves want to use.

Reviewer: Maybe this could be a bulleted list?

Author: Done.

## Location

> We're all-remote, current team members are located in California, Illinois and
> New York (GMT-8 through GMT-5). Will consider GMT-10 through GMT-3. We
> communicate exclusively through Discord (both in public and private) including
> often leaving video calls open in the background while we work independently.
> 
> We get together 3-4x per year as a company, all flying to some US city.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're fully remote. Current team members are located in California, Illinois, and
New York (GMT-8 through GMT-5). We are happy to consider anyone in GMT-10 through GMT-3. We
communicate exclusively through Discord (both in public and private), including
often leaving video calls open in the background while we work independently.

We get together 3-4x per year as a company, all flying to some US city.
```

## Compensation

180-210k USD salary, 1.5% equity, and
[benefits](https://handbook.shorebird.dev/benefits/).

> ## Requirements

Reviewer: This restates a bunch of stuff in the previous sections. Maybe we could roll the responsibilities and location sections into this?

Author: Addressed
